bitwardenrs/README.md, before:

# Gissilabs Helm Charts

## Deprecation notice
The upstream project changed its name from bitwarden_rs to Vaultwarden on April 27th, 2021. This chart will track the new image but it will remain named bitwardenrs, including in values.yaml. This is to avoid breaking existing installations. A new chart named vaultwarden is available and will eventually replace this one.

## Vaultwarden

Vaultwarden (previously known as bitwarden_rs) is an unofficial Bitwarden compatible server written in Rust. For more information, check the project on Github: <https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden>

## Helm Chart

The default installation will deploy one Vaultwarden instance using a SQLite database without persistence. All data will be lost if the pod is deleted.

```bash
helm install mybitwardenrs gissilabs/bitwardenrs
```

See options below to customize the deployment.

## **Database**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
database.type | Backend database type | sqlite, mysql or postgresql | sqlite
database.wal | Enable SQLite Write-Ahead-Log, ignored for external databases | true / false | true
database.url | URL of external database (MySQL/PostgreSQL) | \[mysql\|postgresql\]://user:pass@host:port | Empty
database.existingSecret | Use existing secret for database URL, key 'database-url' | Secret name  | Not defined
database.maxConnections | Set the size of the database connection pool | Number  | 10
database.retries | Connection retries during startup, 0 for infinite. 1 second between retries | Number | 15

## **Main application**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
bitwardenrs.domain | Bitwarden URL. Mandatory for invitations over email | http\[s\]://hostname | Not defined
bitwardenrs.allowSignups | Allow any user to sign-up. [More information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disable-registration-of-new-users) | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.signupDomains | Whitelist domains allowed to sign-up. 'allowSignups' is ignored if set | domain1,domain2 | Not defined
bitwardenrs.verifySignup | Verify e-mail before login is enabled. SMTP must be enabled | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.requireEmail | Require that an e-mail is sucessfully sent before login. SMTP must be enabled | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.emailAttempts | Maximum attempts before an email token is reset and a new email will need to be sent | Number | 3
bitwardenrs.emailTokenExpiration | Email token validity in seconds | Number | 600
bitwardenrs.allowInvitation | Allow invited users to sign-up even feature is disabled. [More information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disable-invitations) | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.defaultInviteName | Default organization name in invitation e-mails that are not coming from a specific organization. | Text | Vaultwarden
bitwardenrs.showPasswordHint | Show password hints. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Password-hint-display) | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.enableWebsockets | Enable Websockets for notification. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Enabling-WebSocket-notifications). If using Ingress controllers, "notifications/hub" URL is redirected to websocket port | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.enableWebVault | Enable Web Vault static site. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disabling-or-overriding-the-Vault-interface-hosting). | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.orgCreationUsers | Restrict creation of orgs. | 'all', 'none' or a comma-separated list of users. | all
bitwardenrs.attachmentLimitOrg | Limit attachment disk usage in Kb per organization | Number | Not defined
bitwardenrs.attachmentLimitUser | Limit attachment disk usage in Kb per user | Number | Not defined
bitwardenrs.hibpApiKey | API Key to use HaveIBeenPwned service. Can be purchased at [here](https://haveibeenpwned.com/API/Key) | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.extraEnv | Pass extra environment variables | Map | Not defined
bitwardenrs.log.file | Filename to log to disk. [More information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Logging) | File path | Empty
bitwardenrs.log.level | Change log level | trace, debug, info, warn, error or off | Empty
bitwardenrs.log.timeFormat | Log timestamp | Rust chrono [format](https://docs.rs/chrono/0.4.15/chrono/format/strftime/index.html). | Time in milliseconds | Empty

## **Application Features**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
bitwardenrs.admin.enabled | Enable admin portal. Change settings in the portal will overwrite chart options. | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.admin.disableAdminToken | Disabling the admin token will make the admin portal accessible to anyone, use carefully. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disable-admin-token) | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.admin.token | Token for admin login, will be generated if not defined. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Enabling-admin-page) | Text | Auto-generated
bitwardenrs.admin.existingSecret | Use existing secret for the admin token. Key is 'admin-token' | Secret name | Not defined
|||
bitwardenrs.smtp.enabled | Enable SMTP | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.smtp.host | SMTP hostname **required** | Hostname | Empty
bitwardenrs.smtp.from | SMTP sender e-mail address **required** | E-mail | Empty
bitwardenrs.smtp.fromName | SMTP sender name | Text | Vaultwarden
bitwardenrs.smtp.ssl | Enable SSL connection | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.smtp.port | SMTP TCP port | Number | SSL Enabled: 587. SSL Disabled: 25
bitwardenrs.smtp.authMechanism | SMTP Authentication Mechanisms | Comma-separated list: 'Plain', 'Login', 'Xoauth2' | Plain
bitwardenrs.smtp.heloName | Hostname to be sent for SMTP HELO | Text | Pod name
bitwardenrs.smtp.timeout | SMTP connection timeout in seconds | Number | 15
bitwardenrs.smtp.invalidHostname | Accept valid certificates even if hostnames does not match. DANGEROUS! | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.smtp.invalidCertificate | Accept invalid certificates. DANGEROUS! | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.smtp.user | SMTP username | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.smtp.password | SMTP password. Required is user is specified | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.smtp.existingSecret | Use existing secret for SMTP authentication. Keys are 'smtp-user' and 'smtp-password' | Secret name | Not defined
|||
bitwardenrs.yubico.enabled | Enable Yubikey support | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.yubico.server | Yubico server | Hostname | YubiCloud
bitwardenrs.yubico.clientId | Yubico ID | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.yubico.secretKey | Yubico Secret Key | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.yubico.existingSecret | Use existing secret for ID and Secret. Keys are 'yubico-client-id' and 'yubico-secret-key' | Secret name | Not defined
|||
bitwardenrs.icons.disableDownload | Disables download of external icons, icons in cache will still be served | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.icons.cache | Cache time-to-live for icons fetched. 0 means no purging | Number | 2592000. If download is disabled, defaults to 0
bitwardenrs.icons.cacheFailed | Cache time-to-live for icons that were not available. 0 means no purging | Number | 2592000

## **Network**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
service.type | Service Type. [More Information](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types) | Type | ClusterIP
service.httpPort | Service port for HTTP server | Number | 80
service.websocketPort | Service port for Websocket server, if enabled | Number | 3012
service.externalTrafficPolicy | External Traffic Policy. [More Information](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/create-external-load-balancer/#preserving-the-client-source-ip) | Local / Cluster| Cluster
service.loadBalancerIP | Manually select IP when type is LoadBalancer | IP address | Not defined
service.nodePorts.http | Manually select node port for http | Number | Empty
service.nodePorts.websocket | Manually select node port for websocker, if enabled | Number | Empty
|||
ingress.enabled | Enable Ingress | true / false | false
ingress.host | Ingress hostname **required** | Hostname | Empty
ingress.annotations | Ingress annotations | Map | Empty
ingress.tls | Ingress TLS options | Array of Maps | Empty
|||
ingressRoute.enabled | Enable Traefik IngressRoute CRD | true / false | false
ingressRoute.host | Ingress route hostname **required** | Hostname | Empty
ingressRoute.middlewares | Enable middlewares | Map | Empty
ingressRoute.entrypoints | List of Traefik endpoints | Array of Text | \[websecure\]
ingressRoute.tls | Ingress route TLS options | Map | Empty

## **Storage**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
persistence.enabled | Create persistent volume (PVC). Holds attachments, icon cache and, if used, the SQLite database | true / false | false
persistence.size | Size of volume | Size | 1Gi
persistence.accessMode | Volume access mode | Text | ReadWriteOnce
persistence.storageClass | Storage Class | Text | Not defined. Use "-" for default class
persistence.existingClaim | Use existing PVC | Name of PVC | Not defined
customVolume | Use custom volume definition. Cannot be used with persistence | Map | Empty

## **Image**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
image.tag | Docker image tag | Text | Chart appVersion (Chart.yaml)
image.repository | Docker image | Text | vaultwarden/server
imagePullSecrets | Image pull secrets | Array | Empty

## **General Kubernetes/Helm**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
strategy | Deployment Strategy options | sub-tree | Empty
replicaCount | Number of pod replicas | Number | 1
nameOverride | Name override | Text | Empty
fullnameOverride | Full name override | Text | Empty
serviceAccount.create | Create Service Account | true / false | false
serviceAccount.annotations | Annotations service account | Map | Empty
serviceAccount.name | Service Account name | Text | Generated from template
podAnnotations | Pod Annotations | Map | Empty
podSecurityContext | Pod-level Security Context | Map | {fsGroup:65534}
securityContext | Container-level Security Context | Map | {runAsUser:65534, runAsGroup:65534}
resources | Deployment Resources | Map | Empty
nodeSelector | Node selector | Map | Empty
tolerations | Tolerations | Array | Empty
affinity | Affinity | Map | Empty

Commit message:

feat: fix v1 Ingress for bitwardenrs (#25)
Similar to #23 / 41ec376, but for bitwardenrs

Signed-off-by: Jorik Jonker <jorik@kippendief.biz>

bitwardenrs/README.md, after:

# Gissilabs Helm Charts

## Deprecation notice
The upstream project changed its name from bitwarden_rs to Vaultwarden on April 27th, 2021. This chart will track the new image but it will remain named bitwardenrs, including in values.yaml. This is to avoid breaking existing installations. A new chart named vaultwarden is available and will eventually replace this one.

## Vaultwarden

Vaultwarden (previously known as bitwarden_rs) is an unofficial Bitwarden compatible server written in Rust. For more information, check the project on Github: <https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden>

## Helm Chart

The default installation will deploy one Vaultwarden instance using a SQLite database without persistence. All data will be lost if the pod is deleted.

```bash
helm install mybitwardenrs gissilabs/bitwardenrs
```

See options below to customize the deployment.

## **Database**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
database.type | Backend database type | sqlite, mysql or postgresql | sqlite
database.wal | Enable SQLite Write-Ahead-Log, ignored for external databases | true / false | true
database.url | URL of external database (MySQL/PostgreSQL) | \[mysql\|postgresql\]://user:pass@host:port | Empty
database.existingSecret | Use existing secret for database URL, key 'database-url' | Secret name  | Not defined
database.maxConnections | Set the size of the database connection pool | Number  | 10
database.retries | Connection retries during startup, 0 for infinite. 1 second between retries | Number | 15

## **Main application**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
bitwardenrs.domain | Bitwarden URL. Mandatory for invitations over email | http\[s\]://hostname | Not defined
bitwardenrs.allowSignups | Allow any user to sign-up. [More information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disable-registration-of-new-users) | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.signupDomains | Whitelist domains allowed to sign-up. 'allowSignups' is ignored if set | domain1,domain2 | Not defined
bitwardenrs.verifySignup | Verify e-mail before login is enabled. SMTP must be enabled | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.requireEmail | Require that an e-mail is sucessfully sent before login. SMTP must be enabled | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.emailAttempts | Maximum attempts before an email token is reset and a new email will need to be sent | Number | 3
bitwardenrs.emailTokenExpiration | Email token validity in seconds | Number | 600
bitwardenrs.allowInvitation | Allow invited users to sign-up even feature is disabled. [More information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disable-invitations) | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.defaultInviteName | Default organization name in invitation e-mails that are not coming from a specific organization. | Text | Vaultwarden
bitwardenrs.showPasswordHint | Show password hints. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Password-hint-display) | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.enableWebsockets | Enable Websockets for notification. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Enabling-WebSocket-notifications). If using Ingress controllers, "notifications/hub" URL is redirected to websocket port | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.enableWebVault | Enable Web Vault static site. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disabling-or-overriding-the-Vault-interface-hosting). | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.orgCreationUsers | Restrict creation of orgs. | 'all', 'none' or a comma-separated list of users. | all
bitwardenrs.attachmentLimitOrg | Limit attachment disk usage in Kb per organization | Number | Not defined
bitwardenrs.attachmentLimitUser | Limit attachment disk usage in Kb per user | Number | Not defined
bitwardenrs.hibpApiKey | API Key to use HaveIBeenPwned service. Can be purchased at [here](https://haveibeenpwned.com/API/Key) | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.extraEnv | Pass extra environment variables | Map | Not defined
bitwardenrs.log.file | Filename to log to disk. [More information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Logging) | File path | Empty
bitwardenrs.log.level | Change log level | trace, debug, info, warn, error or off | Empty
bitwardenrs.log.timeFormat | Log timestamp | Rust chrono [format](https://docs.rs/chrono/0.4.15/chrono/format/strftime/index.html). | Time in milliseconds | Empty

## **Application Features**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
bitwardenrs.admin.enabled | Enable admin portal. Change settings in the portal will overwrite chart options. | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.admin.disableAdminToken | Disabling the admin token will make the admin portal accessible to anyone, use carefully. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Disable-admin-token) | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.admin.token | Token for admin login, will be generated if not defined. [More Information](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Enabling-admin-page) | Text | Auto-generated
bitwardenrs.admin.existingSecret | Use existing secret for the admin token. Key is 'admin-token' | Secret name | Not defined
|||
bitwardenrs.smtp.enabled | Enable SMTP | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.smtp.host | SMTP hostname **required** | Hostname | Empty
bitwardenrs.smtp.from | SMTP sender e-mail address **required** | E-mail | Empty
bitwardenrs.smtp.fromName | SMTP sender name | Text | Vaultwarden
bitwardenrs.smtp.ssl | Enable SSL connection | true / false | true
bitwardenrs.smtp.port | SMTP TCP port | Number | SSL Enabled: 587. SSL Disabled: 25
bitwardenrs.smtp.authMechanism | SMTP Authentication Mechanisms | Comma-separated list: 'Plain', 'Login', 'Xoauth2' | Plain
bitwardenrs.smtp.heloName | Hostname to be sent for SMTP HELO | Text | Pod name
bitwardenrs.smtp.timeout | SMTP connection timeout in seconds | Number | 15
bitwardenrs.smtp.invalidHostname | Accept valid certificates even if hostnames does not match. DANGEROUS! | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.smtp.invalidCertificate | Accept invalid certificates. DANGEROUS! | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.smtp.user | SMTP username | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.smtp.password | SMTP password. Required is user is specified | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.smtp.existingSecret | Use existing secret for SMTP authentication. Keys are 'smtp-user' and 'smtp-password' | Secret name | Not defined
|||
bitwardenrs.yubico.enabled | Enable Yubikey support | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.yubico.server | Yubico server | Hostname | YubiCloud
bitwardenrs.yubico.clientId | Yubico ID | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.yubico.secretKey | Yubico Secret Key | Text | Not defined
bitwardenrs.yubico.existingSecret | Use existing secret for ID and Secret. Keys are 'yubico-client-id' and 'yubico-secret-key' | Secret name | Not defined
|||
bitwardenrs.icons.disableDownload | Disables download of external icons, icons in cache will still be served | true / false | false
bitwardenrs.icons.cache | Cache time-to-live for icons fetched. 0 means no purging | Number | 2592000. If download is disabled, defaults to 0
bitwardenrs.icons.cacheFailed | Cache time-to-live for icons that were not available. 0 means no purging | Number | 2592000

## **Network**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
service.type | Service Type. [More Information](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types) | Type | ClusterIP
service.httpPort | Service port for HTTP server | Number | 80
service.websocketPort | Service port for Websocket server, if enabled | Number | 3012
service.externalTrafficPolicy | External Traffic Policy. [More Information](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/create-external-load-balancer/#preserving-the-client-source-ip) | Local / Cluster| Cluster
service.loadBalancerIP | Manually select IP when type is LoadBalancer | IP address | Not defined
service.nodePorts.http | Manually select node port for http | Number | Empty
service.nodePorts.websocket | Manually select node port for websocker, if enabled | Number | Empty
|||
ingress.enabled | Enable Ingress | true / false | false
ingress.className | Name of the ingress class | string | Empty
ingress.host | Ingress hostname **required** | Hostname | Empty
ingress.annotations | Ingress annotations | Map | Empty
ingress.tls | Ingress TLS options | Array of Maps | Empty
|||
ingressRoute.enabled | Enable Traefik IngressRoute CRD | true / false | false
ingressRoute.host | Ingress route hostname **required** | Hostname | Empty
ingressRoute.middlewares | Enable middlewares | Map | Empty
ingressRoute.entrypoints | List of Traefik endpoints | Array of Text | \[websecure\]
ingressRoute.tls | Ingress route TLS options | Map | Empty

## **Storage**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
persistence.enabled | Create persistent volume (PVC). Holds attachments, icon cache and, if used, the SQLite database | true / false | false
persistence.size | Size of volume | Size | 1Gi
persistence.accessMode | Volume access mode | Text | ReadWriteOnce
persistence.storageClass | Storage Class | Text | Not defined. Use "-" for default class
persistence.existingClaim | Use existing PVC | Name of PVC | Not defined
customVolume | Use custom volume definition. Cannot be used with persistence | Map | Empty

## **Image**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
image.tag | Docker image tag | Text | Chart appVersion (Chart.yaml)
image.repository | Docker image | Text | vaultwarden/server
imagePullSecrets | Image pull secrets | Array | Empty

## **General Kubernetes/Helm**

Option | Description | Format | Default
------ | ----------- | ------ | -------
strategy | Deployment Strategy options | sub-tree | Empty
replicaCount | Number of pod replicas | Number | 1
nameOverride | Name override | Text | Empty
fullnameOverride | Full name override | Text | Empty
serviceAccount.create | Create Service Account | true / false | false
serviceAccount.annotations | Annotations service account | Map | Empty
serviceAccount.name | Service Account name | Text | Generated from template
podAnnotations | Pod Annotations | Map | Empty
podSecurityContext | Pod-level Security Context | Map | {fsGroup:65534}
securityContext | Container-level Security Context | Map | {runAsUser:65534, runAsGroup:65534}
resources | Deployment Resources | Map | Empty
nodeSelector | Node selector | Map | Empty
tolerations | Tolerations | Array | Empty
affinity | Affinity | Map | Empty
